Let's circle back on the equivalence between the discrete/iterative approach and the continuous-time ode. thde continuous-time ODE is one we can make equivalent to spiking oscillatory systems, by having a continuous-time equation which we solve. each oscillator has a decay which is controlled by the eigenvalues of the S4 kernel we solved. by transforming this kernel back to the continuous-time form, we can now solve the equation forward through time. furthermore, each layer (and neuron) should be able to communicate to one another by using "spikes" ideally, these are a delta function which allows one oscillator/neuron to communicate phase sparsely, but in reality we're using a gaussian or other kernel with a short duration and large peak. can you view the tests we'e already defined to test the equivalence between the discrete & convolutional modes and the ode exeuction with spiking? we ran into some issues where the "grid" of discrete values had to be increased to show that the spiking phases and discrete phases converged. let's revisit the root of that issue. if i recall right, part of it was layers were passing complex values to communicate phases at discrete time intervals instead of continously-timed, real-valued spikes. this lead to a divergence of the real-valued spike at one time which underwent a different "decay" than a complex-valued impulse arriving at a different time. is that the case? if so, how can we side-step the issue of having to greatly increase the temporal resolution of the discrete steps to match behaviors? can we instead implement a "correction" between these modes which takes into account the "decay" a complex value would go through if it was instead arriving as a real-valued spike at a different time?
